[BPF] fix VLAN not supported docs (#1856)
tigera/docs: calico/operations/ebpf/enabling-ebpf.mdx

- Clusters with some eBPF nodes and some standard dataplane and/or Windows nodes.
- Floating IPs.
- SCTP (either for policy or services). This is due to lack of kernel support for the SCTP checksum in BPF.
  This is because the `Log` action maps to the iptables `LOG` action and BPF programs cannot access that log.
- VLAN-based traffic.
  :::tip

>   Under some circumstances, you can use a VLAN device to connect a node to the cluster by using the `bpfDataIfacePattern` Felix configuration variable.

Reviewer: @sridhartigera wdyt?

```suggestion
  You can use a VLAN device to connect a node to the cluster by using the `bpfDataIfacePattern` Felix configuration variable. Beware that using 'doNotTrack' policies requires you to have VLAN offloading enabled on your physical devices and any traffic will be subject to the policies.
```

Reviewer 2: LGTM
